1- Explain the 4 types of support plans?
Ans :- In AWS support plans are basic , developer , bussinees and enterprise
a) Basic :- Basic Support offers support for account and billing questions and service quota increases. 
           these are features of Basic Support:
           a)One-on-one responses to account and billing questions
           b)Support forums
           c)Service health checks
Developer :- Customers with a Developer Support plan have access to these additional features:
          a) Best practice guidance
          b)Client-side diagnostic tools
          c)Building-block architecture support: guidance on how to use AWS products, features, and services together

Business :- Use-case guidance – What AWS products, features, and services to use to best support your specific needs.

Enterprise :-Application architecture guidance – Consultative guidance on how services fit together to meet your specific use case, workload, or application.

2 - Explain AWS pricing models
Ans :-a) On-demand:-Used for Compute and Database capacity there is No long-term commitments or upfront payments
      b) Dedicated Instances:-It is Available for Amazon EC2 and Hardware is dedicated to a single customer
      c) Spot Instances:-In this case we Purchase spare capacity with no commitments and here  Great discounts from hourly rates
      d) Reservations:- Up to 75% discount in exchange a term commitment

3- Explain types of reserved Instance
Ans :- there are two types or reserved Instance standard reserved Instance and convertible reserved Instance
a) Standard Reserved Instance:-
                1- Some attributes, such as instance size, can be modified during the term
                2- The instance family cannot be modified
                3- You cannot exchange a Standard Reserved Instance, only modify it
                4- Can be sold in the Reserved Instance Marketplace
b) Convertible Reserved Instance:-
                1-  Can be exchanged during the term for another Convertible Reserved Instance 
                    with new attributes including instance family, instance type, platform, scope.
                2- Cannot be sold in the Reserved Instance Marketplace.
4- Explain 5 pricing models available for EC2?
Ans:-Pricing models for EC2 are on demand, reserved ,spot Instances , dedicated host , dedicated instance and saving plans.
a) On Demand :- In this model, based on the instances you choose, you pay for compute capacity per hour or per second (only for Linux Instances)
                and no upfront payments are needed. You can increase or decrease your compute capacity to meet the demands of your application and only pay for the instance you use.
b) Reserved model :- Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances provide you with a discount up to 75% compared to On-Demand Instance pricing.
                     It also provides capacity reservation when used in specific Availability Zone.For applications that have predictable workload, Reserved Instances can 
                     provide sufficient savings compared to On-Demand Instances.
c) Spot Instance model :- Amazon EC2 Spot Instances is unused EC2 capacity in the AWS cloud. Spot Instances are available at up to a 90% discount compared to On-Demand prices.
                          The Spot price of Amazon EC2 spot Instances fluctuates periodically based on supply and demand.
d) dedicated host:- A Dedicated Host is a physical EC2 server dedicated for your use.Dedicated Hosts can help you reduce costs by allowing you to use your existing server-bound
                    software licenses like Windows server.
e) Saving plans:- saving plan is nothing but commitment to consistent amount of usage for particular time period.

5- What are the different options available to pay for reserved Instances
Ans :- No Upfront – No upfront payment is required. You are billed a discounted hourly rate for every hour within the term, regardless of whether the Reserved Instance is being used.
                    No Upfront Reserved Instances are based on a contractual obligation to pay monthly for the entire term of the reservation. 
                    A successful billing history is required before you can purchase No Upfront Reserved Instances.

      Partial Upfront – A portion of the cost must be paid up front and the remaining hours in the term are billed at a discounted hourly rate,
                  regardless of whether you’re using the Reserved Instance.

      All Upfront – Full payment is made at the start of the term, with no other costs or additional hourly charges incurred for the remainder of the term, regardless of hours used.
6- Explain about saving plane
Ans:- saving plan is nothing but commitment to consistent amount of usage for particular time period.

7 - Explain about storage pricing?
Ans :- If you are accessing infrequently then less price will be charged and if you are accessing frequently than more charges will be applied.
       now by using AMAZON S3 Glacier understand it more following are the important points related to it
      1-Extremely low cost and you pay only for what you need with no commitments of upfront fees
      2- Charged for requests and data transferred out of Glacier
         "Amazon Glacier Select" pricing allows queries to run directly on data stored on Glacier without
          having to retrieve the archive. Priced on amount of data scanned, returned, and number of requests initiated.
